# [TORQUE](https://torquemag.io)  
## What's the Best Programming Language to Learn in 2022?  
-- Nick Schaferhoff  
Are you **wondering** what's the best programming language to learn in 2022?
Which first or additional technology can you pick up that will help you get a well-paying job?  

It's not as simple of a choice as it seems.
Some language are popular and **oversaturated**, while others are **trendy** but **obscure** among **recruiters**.
Either way it can be hard to find a job with them.
Other coding languages are very old and it can be hard to break into an industry with developers who **possess** 20+ years of experience.
Some are high in **demand** and low in supply, but very difficult to learn and **apply**.  

**saturate** verb FILL  
to fill a thing or place completely so that no more can be added  
PS: The policy saturated (= a large number of police officers were sent into) the area.  
**saturate the market**  
to provide too much of a product so that there is more of the product available than there are people who want to buy it.  
PS: Since the US market has now been saturated, drug dealers are looking to Europe.  

**saturate** verb MAKE WET  
to make something or someone completely wet  
PS: The grass had been saturated by overnight rain.

**trendy** adjective 
(C1) modern and influenced by the most recent fashions or ideas  

**recruit** verb  
(C1) to persuade someone to work for a company or become a new member of an organization, especially the army.  

**obscure** adjective NOT KNOWN  
not known to many people  
